id#nama
owenowen#Owen Cute BGT
yasminfs#Yasmin Farisah
gracyads#Gracya Tio
rajendraa#Rajendra Farras
kasyfilff#M Kasyfil Aziz
arunaayumi#Adinda Khairunnisa
melimeyi#Melissa Trenggono
chikaac#Auralea Alvinia
sekaarn#Sekar Anindita 
aninditaws#Anindita Santoso
angelicaa#Angelica Aliwinata
aqilaata#Aqila Ataa
chelvadinda#Chelvadinda
rhleena#Lina Azizah
maharaneey#Sabrina Maharani
salsabilea#Salsabila Azzahra
abetabet#Albert Ghazaly
rayhanrr#Rayhan Ridhar
thoriqqq#Ahmad Thoriq
alandmp#Aland Mulia
ardracc#Ardra Sahasika
atqiyahp#Atqiya Haydar
attararu#Attara Majesta
audraap#Audra Zelvania
axeeel#Axel Santadi
kbelva#Khayla Belva
fawwazi#Ahmad Fawwazi
bryant#Bryan Hutagalung
nwchairul#Chairul Nur Wahid
christianj#Christian Justin
daffaaf#Muhammad Daffa
davisap#Muhammad Davis
dhintoo#Rafif Ardhinto
farrelly#Farrell Yodihartomo
fauzanaz#Muhammad Fauzan 
gymnastiar#Gymnastiar Anwar
hananah#Hanan Fitra Salam
hugos#Hugo Sabam
ikhwann#Ikhwan Al Hakim
jasonj#Jason Jahja
jimily#Jimly Nur Arif
marcellino#Gabriel Marcellino
maulvea#Maulvi Ziadinda 
nathaniel#Nathaniel Liady
nicolasj#Nicolas Jeremy
rizqie#Rizqi Andhika
rizqika#Rizqika Mulia
valentino#Valentino Triadi 
mrivaldi#Rivaldi Mahari
prafa#Pradipta Rafa